feat: add docs review for Crawlee (#8)
WriteTech-Hub/writetech-doc-review: reviews/review.md

INFO  CheerioCrawler: Final request statistics: {"requestsFinished":1,"requestsFailed":0,"retryHistogram":[1],"requestAvgFailedDurationMillis":null,"requestAvgFinishedDurationMillis":4688,"requestsFinishedPerMinute":9,"requestsFailedPerMinute":0,"requestTotalDurationMillis":4688,"requestsTotal":1,"crawlerRuntimeMillis":6821}
INFO  CheerioCrawler: Finished! Total 1 requests: 1 succeeded, 0 failed. {"terminal":true}
```

It further says:

> You can confirm this using Chrome DevTools. If you go to https://apify.com/store, right-click anywhere in the page, select View Page Source and search for ActorStoreItem you won't find any results.

When I searched for `ActorStoreItem` in the View Page Source, I found 183 results, and they are all CSS classes. If these classes is not what the documentation mean, then it needs to be updated into what the exact `ActorStoreItem` that we want to look for.

- **Relevance**:

<!--
  - Is the content relevant to the current state of the product/technology?
  - Does it align with the latest best practices and standards (e.g., Google’s technical documentation style guide, Microsoft Manual of Style)?
-->

> The content is relevant to the current state of the product. In general, the documentation is align with the latest Microsoft Writing Style Guide. For example, the documentation is written like we speak. It's, however, still can be improved to follow the best practice of [Top 10 tips for Microsoft style and voice](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/style-guide/top-10-tips-style-voice).

Reviewer: [typo]: the wording is a bit unclear on some parts of the paragraph 
```suggestion
The content is relevant to the current state of the product. In general, the documentation is align with the latest Microsoft Writing Style Guide. For example, the documentation is written like we speak. It's, however, still can be improved by following the [Top 10 tips for Microsoft style and voice](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/style-guide/top-10-tips-style-voice).
```

One of the example is to improve the consistency of using contractions, such as it’s, you’ll, you’re, we’re, let’s.

Taking from the "[Pagination](https://crawlee.dev/docs/introduction/real-world-project#pagination)" section in the "Real-world project" chapter:

> When switching between pages, _you will_ see that the URL changes to:

And right in the next line:

> Try clicking on the link to page 4. _You'll see_ that the pagination links update and show more pages.

## 4. Structure and Organization

- **Logical Flow**:

<!--
  - Is the documentation logically structured?
  - Are sections and subsections well-organized?
-->

> The documentation is logically structured and well-organized. It's pleasant to follow.

Reviewer: [suggestion]: Since you pointed out the issue with the document’s structure, It would be best to omit this paragraph to make the review clearer.

Author: In this section, we're talking about the logical flow of the docs, which is structured and well-organized.

The only issue I found was a level heading that _might be_ a level 3 heading instead of 2.It can be a mistake, or it is probably what the organization wants and is not a mistake. This issue can be part of logical flow, but not necessarily because it's in the flow with the previous section.

Do you have any advice in the case like this?

However, there is one subsection in a page that might a part of a heading. In the "[JavaScript rendering](https://crawlee.dev/docs/guides/javascript-rendering)" chapter, "[Waiting for elements to render](https://crawlee.dev/docs/guides/javascript-rendering#waiting-for-elements-to-render)" might be a subsection of "[Headless browsers](https://crawlee.dev/docs/guides/javascript-rendering#headless-browsers)". But they have the same heading level.

- **Navigation**:

<!--
  - Is it easy to navigate through the document?
  - Are there clear headings, subheadings, and an index/table of contents?
-->

It's quite easy to navigate through the document because the headings, subheadings and the table of contents are clear and links are generously provided throughout the documentation.

## 5. Visual and Design Elements

- **Visuals**:

  <!--
  - Are diagrams, screenshots, and tables used effectively?
  - Are visuals clear, properly labelled, and relevant?
  -->

  Screenshots are used effectively. They're also clear, properly labeled, and relevant.

- **Design**:

  <!--
  - Is the document aesthetically pleasing?
  - Is there consistent use of fonts, colors, and formatting?
  -->

>   The aesthetical of the documentation can be improved. It's very helpful to have admonitions (note, info, tip, warning cards) throughout the docs. However, some pages, e.g., [Scraping the Store](https://crawlee.dev/docs/introduction/scraping), have back to back admonitions. This can be a distraction for audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The documentation’s aesthetic can be improved. It's very helpful to have admonitions (note, info, tip, warning cards) throughout the docs. However, some pages, e.g., [Scraping the Store](https://crawlee.dev/docs/introduction/scraping), have back to back admonitions. This can be a distraction for audience.
```

  Fonts and colors are consistent throughout the docs. Some formatting can be improved for consistency. Let's take an example from [Getting some real-world data](https://crawlee.dev/docs/introduction/real-world-project) page. There are two ways in formatting a link:

  - As an inline code

    > ...when we already know that everything we want to extract can be found at the `https://warehouse-theme-metal.myshopify.com/collections` page.

  - The link as is

  > Let's open DevTools by going to https://warehouse-theme-metal.myshopify.com/collections in Chrome...

## 6. Suggestions for Improvement

<!--
- Provide specific, actionable suggestions to improve the documentation.
- Mention any sections that need expansion, rephrasing, or additional content.
-->

### Actionable Suggestions

> - Some long sentences can be broken into shorter sentences for better read and understanding.

Reviewer: [suggestion]: Consider adding examples here for consistency.

## 8. Identified Errors/Inconsistencies:

<!--
- List any errors, inconsistencies, or ambiguities.
- Provide examples where necessary.
-->

Please see explanations and examples in below sections:

- [2. Clarity and Comprehensiveness](#2-clarity-and-comprehensiveness)
- [3. Accuracy and Relevance](#3-accuracy-and-relevance)
- [Sections that Need Expansion, Rephrasing, or Additional Content](#sections-that-need-expansion-rephrasing-or-additional-content)

## 9. Best Practices Compliance

- **Standards**:
  <!--
  - Does the documentation adhere to recognized standards (e.g., Google’s Documentation Guide)?
  - How does it compare with industry best practices?
  -->

  There is room for improvement for creating standards throughout the documentation. Please see the "Relevance" in the [3. Accuracy and Relevance](#3-accuracy-and-relevance) as an example.

## 10. Overall Assessment

<!--
- Provide an overall assessment of the documentation, including a summary of your key findings.
- Rate the document on a scale from 1 to 5 based on overall quality and usability.
-->

I rate the document 3 on a scale 1 to 5.

> As a background, I have no knowledge in web scraping. Reading through the documentation and following the instructions provided, I could understand what is going on and what Crawlee does. And not only that, I also gained more knowledge about web scraping, crawling (which I heard a lot, but not sure what it is), and so on.

Reviewer: [suggestion]: Consider combining these two ideas into one paragraph. It’ll help clarify your reasoning for giving the documentation a rating of 3.
